# Enter Weaver

The cold pierced any sort of clothing I wore. But it's not as if I really
prepared myself for the freezing temperatures of the snow abundant location I
arrived to from the Leap. I took a brief look to the night sky and squinted as
the snow was being blown violently to the winds direction, delicately scraping
my face.  The sky was littered with so many lights, yet unfamiliar. The
constellations in the sky were vastly different from what I usually saw - I was
probably somewhere far away, under foreign skies. I was able to leap anywhere,
but my destination mostly always had a goal.

Looking back down, I spotted the reason I was here: the tear. A little higher
than the ground, but not high enough to hide the horizon from my sight, was a
black region which hid the falling snow in the horizon, and the starry night.
This is the reason I was here, as well as the excuse of my existence.

I don't know what's inside these tears, why they exist, or even how they come to
be whenever they show up. I don't even remember when I first started sealing
them, and how I even knew how to close them. I know it is my duty to close them.
It would be hard to live for myself, if I ever neglect my duty ever again. This
was the excuse for my pulse.

I approached the tear, and I could feel a vibrant, warm feeling escaping from my
hand. The golden needle showed itself, and hovered in the air, unphased by the
violent winds of the blizzard. It was time to get to work. I pricked my hand,
and dragged it over the tip of the needle to open up a scratch and begin the
bloodletting process. My blood was attracted to the golden needle's shank, and
there it stayed, preserving a constant thread between my body, and the needle.

I controlled the hovering of the needle, distancing it from my self, and pushing
it closer to the tear. I could swear I could feel a force of repulsion against
the needle and the tear, but it steadily distanced itself from me approaching
the tear. The thread of blood seemed also unaffected by the winds.  The cold
started to get to me, but I ignored it. The needle was close enough to the tear.
I could finally begin mending the wound of the world.
